For my website, I chose the colors based on my current and already made resume colors. I kept a simple mostly white background and mostly black lettering with the same color blue accents that I have on my resume. For overall inspiration, I looked at other personal websites. I went to this reddit thread: https://www.reddit.com/r/Frontend/comments/1at0laf/show_me_your_personal_websites/ and looked through some examples. Many of the websites in this post were over the top, but some, such as this one: https://www.stevenleabo.com/ I really liked. Something I would like to implement in the future is images for different ways to contact me like this website has. Another thing I really liked about his website was under the "content creation" tab, where he has a scrolling list of videos that blend very well into the background. Something I wish I had more of is personal projects. I think with some more projects/labs on the website it will look a lot more complete and I will be able to have more options for design because I will have more components. My biggest issue that I ran into during this was with paths for my buttons. I ended up re-naming a few things which led to me confusing myself and having to edit a good amount of code that was incorrect, and also find the source of my own errors. Some things that helped me were W3 schools, specifically their CSS section. One specific section was their transition sections. I added a small transition time between pages. In the future I want to experiment with other kinds of transitions. For example, one of the reddit post websites (https://bryantcodes.art/) had really cool transitions that also showcased their art. While for me it was a little too over the top, it would be cool to have a transition that showcases some of my work when the site is first opened. Another CSS function that W3 schools helped with was hover. It was mentioned in class about hovering over a button, and adding that effect really helps the website look much better. From this I got what I think is my favorite feature of the website. Here is the line of code - .lab-card:hover    transform: translateY(-5px); border-color: #2079c7;. This makes it so on the "labs" portion of the site, when going to click on a lab the whole button rises off the screen with a blue border.
